Update host-your-own-push-proxy-service.rst (#7961)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mobile/host-your-own-push-proxy-service.rst

2. Under **Enable Push Notifications**, select **Manually enter Push Notification Service location**.
3. Enter the location of your MPNS in the **Push Notification Server** field, then select **Save**.

**Deployment recommendations:** 

> - Deploy the MPNS inside your private network or in a DMZ, behind your firewall. Ensure the Mattermost server has network access to the MPNS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy the MPNS on your own infrastructure - whether on-premises behind your firewall or in your public cloud.
- Ensure the Mattermost server has network access to the MPNS instance. Mattermost clients don't need any inbound connectivity.
```

- The MPNS does not connect with Mattermost mobile apps directly; the MPNS parses and forwards push notifications from the Mattermost server to the Apple Push Notification Service (APNS) or the Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM).
- The MPNS must be able to communicate with the Apple Push Notification Service over HTTP/2. If an outbound proxy appliance is deployed between the MPNS and APNS, ensure it supports HTTP/2.

> - Use encrypted TLS connections between your MPNS and Apple Push Notification Service, between your MPNS and Google FCM, and between your MPNS and your Mattermost server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure TLS encryption between your MPNS and your Mattermost server.
```

> - Ensure that the push proxy can be reached on the correct port. The default port is 8086.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

That's the default listening port, but you often deploy it with a reverse proxy in front to use HTTPS. I'd just strike that one as it depends on how they configure the infrastructure.
